[Music]
hello and welcome back to
another video i hope you're having the
loveliest day
in today's video i'm going to be showing
you
the best cookie recipe that i
have ever shown on my youtube this is
something
i've like tried so many times to master
getting a nice
protein cookie and this is without a
doubt the best recipe yet
they're 150 calorie cookies and really
good macros
high in protein and they don't include
any peanut butter
so per cookie is 20 grams of protein 150
calories like
the yummiest thing ever so i'll just
dive straight into it i'm going to show
you two different flavors
and you can see that add mix up the
toppings if you prefer or like put your
favorite chocolate on top but yeah let's
just get straight into it
so i'm going to preheat my oven to 180
the two flavors that i'm using
so i'll leave these linked below but i'm
using phd
diet away in white chocolate deluxe
flavor and
the belgian chocolate flavor these are
such a nice consistency and i swear by
these for baking because
they kind of like create this moussey
gooeyness
which i haven't found in another protein
so they're really nice
to bake with but of course you can use
whatever protein you've got in the
cupboard
but if you're looking for something new
i would definitely recommend phd i use
it every day of course before i jump
straight into it i'd really appreciate
it if you could hit the like button and
make sure you subscribe
to my channel and we will go ahead
there's going to be loads
of new recipes coming up i have like
been back baking and i've missed it so
much i don't feel like i've baked as
much as i normally do
recently so i'm just going to make four
cookies and obviously two different
flavors and i'll show you
what you're going to need for this
literally so many more ingredients as
well
and you can just with all your toppings
just something to mention i'll make sure
i pop
the macro and measurements and stuff on
the screen for you as well
so this is going to be the belgian
chocolate cookie
so all you're going to need is if you
want to make a chocolate one obviously a
chocolate protein
and i'm also going to make a white
chocolate cookie so i'm just using that
protein and then
i'm going to use some belgian chalk this
is just like a hot chocolate powder i
actually love this as a hot chocolate as
well
and obviously yep chocolate flavor and
then
some baking powder some of my favorite
chocolate ever
i'm obsessed with orange dark chocolate
at the moment i'm gonna use this for
like the toppings
and then to make the four cookies i'm
just gonna use some egg whites
so i've got four eggs here
and then i'm also going to use this like
chocolate brownie peanut butter like for
maybe a topping
and a little bit of oat milk you could
use obviously any
milk that you have got in as well and of
course just a little
bit of salt so i'm going to start by
measuring out ingredients for the
chocolate one i'm just using this large
bowl i've got
because i'm not making like a massive
mix anyway and then i've got my scales
and i'm just gonna weigh out 50 grams of
protein
oh this is going everywhere it's so
impossible to get protein out without
like spilling it everywhere as well
and two egg whites
and then about half a teaspoon of baking
powder
a little bit of salt and then before i
add any milk i'm just going to see what
the consistency is like
and then 20 grams of hot chocolate
powder
and just mix all this together
oh it literally smells so nice
and then it eventually goes to like this
nice lovely
cookie dough add a tea bit of oat milk
but it doesn't actually need that much
at
all
and for the white chocolate cookie it's
just the exact same thing
i'll just show you again measure out 50
grams of white chocolate
protein
chocolate powder again
a bit of salt and two egg whites
these are just medium eggs
and half a teaspoon of baking powder
[Music]
and then here's the two cookie dough
mixes so i'm just going to form
some little bottles i've just tried like
both mixtures and
oh my god these taste insane
[Music]
and then i'm gonna fill these two with a
little bit
of vista
[Music]
i'm just gonna pop these in the oven for
about 10 minutes
they don't take long at all
[Music]
do
so here they are like oh my god
they're super chunky look at
this oh my god we had these last night
as well after dinner and
mason was just like this is the best
cookie ever made but yeah super
big and chunky as well like that is my
favorite way i don't really like like a
thin cookie so this is the chocolate one
and then
this one is the white chocolate one but
obviously it's a little bit darker
because
it has the cocoa powder in it you cannot
go wrong like
this has got to be the best cookie like
for the macros and calories
i'll try this one
um
they're even like a bit fudgy in the
middle
i think i've probably still got
chocolate in my teeth that brings us to
the end of oh
i should fill up the kitchen top end of
the video i really hope you enjoyed this
one
let me know if you try this recipe over
on my instagram i'd love to see
your recreations as well and i will see
you
in the next video
[Music]
you